= chub

* https://github.com/yaksnrainbows/chub

== DESCRIPTION:

Chub is both a client and server configuration hub for application
config distribution.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

== SERVER SETUP:

== CLIENT SETUP:

* Create a remote git config repo for each app/project
  through a simple client command.

* Push config to server.

* You're done!

== SYNOPSIS:

Return a list of configs for an app:

  $ chub app

Create a config:

  $ chub app/dev -n

Read a config:

  $ chub app/dev

Read a config value:

  $ chub app/dev:path/to/key

Update or create a config value:

  $ chub app/dev:path/to/key=value

Delete a config value:

  $ chub app/dev:path/to/key -d

View inheritance info in config:

  $ chub app/dev -i

Add a config inheritance:

  $ chub app/dev -i other_app/dev

Delete a config inheritance:

  $ chub app/dev -d -i other_app/dev

Read a config without inherited configs merged in:

  $ chub app/dev -I

Update/upload a config from a yaml file or io:

  $ chub app/dev -y -f conf.yml

  $ cat conf.yml | chub app/dev -y

== REQUIREMENTS:

* TBA

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install chub

== DEVELOPERS:

After checking out the source, run:

  $ rake newb

This task will install any missing dependencies, run the tests/specs,
and generate the RDoc.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Jeremie Castagna

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
